Yodan the Silencer

Experiment 2

Can I add elements to the construction of the Biped and also extra external bones?

Well, yes and no.

I discovered that it is possible to add both extra links and extra bones without any detremental effects. However, with the exaggerated biped deformation, I came across a problem that hadn't been that obvious on Knute and Bolte. most weapons are rigid non-deformable objects, however the Egon reference model is actually physiqued to a humanoid biped the same way as the player model mesh is. This means that when you deform the biped, it will in turn deform the Egon. It is possible to adjust the Egon model to fit Yodan, but that would mean including the altered Egon gun with the model which would replace the standard one. It would then screw up on standard models, defeating the whole point.

So, the Egon gun screws up on Yodan. Nothing I can do about it. I also didn't account for his spikes so one of them impales the pack aswell. Oh well!

Beyond this, I feel the lupine legs and tail work quite well, though I realised that the legs are allready quite 'crouched' in the standing position which didn't leave much room for actual crouching =( However, the root Bip 01 bone is in the same place as the standard Human ones when standing and crouching.

I have totally re-animated all of the sequences, but largely based those animations on the Valve ones so no points for originality. However, I have made him fire most weapons, including the missile launcher one-handed, I felt it kind of suited him =)

So I present to you, chunk the second of my planned three-chunk experiment with Halflife modelling. 


'Yodan the silencer' PPM for Half-Life

to install:

unzip the zipfile into the path: Sierra/half-life/valve/models/player
it will automatically create a folder called 'Yodan' and place the mdl and bmp files inside.

skins: 		1x255x255x255colour bmp.
Chrome:		no
Team colours:	no
triangles: 	505
animations: 	Custom

Thanks to:

Alexis for the constructive criticism.
Chris for the original name, 'Hugo the Silencer' from which Yodan is derived
Raxogg,DaBalrog and Spine[TDA3] for nagging me
White Dragon, Ian Waugh and Nsi among others, for being competent and friendly competition =)
White Dragon, Raxogg and Mist for testing the model for me.
George Lucas, Gene Roddenberry, Wolfgang Amadeus Motzart, Bruce Li and the Pixies for the background noise =)
The Spanish for their onions

See chunk the first, 'Knute and Bolte' at all good PPM websites near you =)

also available on my web-site

http://dspace.dial.pipex.com/scarecrow

or E-Mail me with questions, advice, complaints etc...

Scarecrow@dial.pipex.com

Please note - I don't have time to make clan models or to commit myself to a mod or TC unless you are offering large sums of cash =)